fix(doc): add log trace changelog for 4.4.0 (#7050)
emqx/emqx: CHANGES-4.4.md

- TLS for cluster backplane (RPC) connections. See clustering document for more details.

> - Support real-time trace filtering logs for the ClientID or Topic or IP via dashboard.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- Support real-time tracing in the dashboard, with Client ID, Client IP address, and topic name based filtering.
```
